Hi Good Morning!
Thank you for Shortlisted me for the this interview
yes i am Naveen kumar from Anantapur
i have completed my graduation in Bsc Computerscience from Sv universty at tirupati
aggregate with 6.5 CGPA
i'm Having 3 Years of experience as python  Developer.
prevoiusly i Worked as python developer at MAXPI TECHNOLOGIES PRIVATE 
LIMITED Bangalore from Jan 2020 to till date.
							
							
							
Project name: ADTRAN			Duration: Dec -2021 to till date
Project Summary: 
ADTRAN telecommunication’s products enable data, voice, video, 
and Internet communications across a wide variety of networking 
infrastructures. From VOIP and SIP gateways to session border 
controllers, ADTRAN offers all the telecommunication’s products your business needs.
	
Client: ADTRAN
Tools:  Python, Pytest, GIT,JIRA,Putty

Responsibilities: 
• Developing/enhancingthe code as per the requirements usingPython.
• Automation various requirements using python script based on clientrequirement
• Fixing reported bugs and writing scripts.
• Actively involved in sprint planning and performing tasks within sprint.
• Reporting the collected bugs in JIRA.
• Automated the Networking protocols like DHCP,DNS,BGP. 								
							
Project name: Nutrition Recommendation System		Duration: May - 2020 to Nov - 2021
Role: Software Engineer (Development)

Project abstract: 	
DanOne is world’s leading food centralized nutrition recommendation 
system to manage nutritional data based on diagnosis codes. The admin 
user maintains a list of food types by diagnosis. The doctors can login
and get recommended food types from the system. Patient scan also sign
up and access the nutrition database.

Client:	 DanOne
Tools:   Python, Pytest, Docker, Linux and GIT, Automation Testing

Responsibilities:
•Involved in developing centralized nutrition
  recommendation system to manage nutritionaldata based on 
  diagnosis codes using Python and Django.
• Writing Django ORM queries to get the diagnosis and nutrition details.
• Implemented Django based templates for rich user interface.
• Writing unit-tests using pytest modules.
													
													
													