In our workflow, we use Bitbucket to merge the code, and then we deploy it into the UAT environment.

We have three environments in total:

QA: Deployments are not performed in the QA environment.
UAT: This is where we deploy the code for testing purposes.
Production: The final version of the code is deployed here for end-users.
Let's discuss the major servers used in our application:

DB Server: We use MySQL, MongoDB, and Redis as part of our application. 
MongoDB includes a scheduler and other collections.

Ops App Server: Code deployment is exclusively done on this server. It has Nginx installed, which serves as a web server. 
Anything related to the application, including the GUI and its functionality, is placed on this app server.

Middleware - VM: The middleware server acts as a bridge, connecting different components of the application. 
It can establish connections between databases or APIs, facilitating communication between them. Its purpose is to help two different elements work together seamlessly.


1. Javelin QA-CGE: Server Architechture:
--------------------------------------------------
Generally we have 3 VM Architechture 
one is for database where Mysql,Mangodb and Redies is running.

2. DB-Server -Asia-CI: 
-------------------------------
In this DB Server we get all the GCP Projects.
in the CIUK , PRODUCTION UK (landon) ,UAT and Production IEwe have cloudserver only and other than that we have only Mysql 
runing in the docker containers.
we have MYSQL Database in cloud SQL.

3. In the Middleware we are running "Jboss" integration server.

4. Javelin EU-Afr-Asia-UAT:
Asia called singapore , and Thailand
Africa called South Africa, and Maracco

now we have Uat Environment for UAT-IE AND UAT-DK in this project only.

5. OPS-DB-SERVER-IE-UAT: UAT databases running on this IE-UAT server is running in cloud
this server as a docker container.

CI-UK PROJECT: Javelin CIUK:

1. we have middleware server "Jboss" is running over there
2. we have "app server " all the micro services running over there
3. we have DB server mango , redies running over here 
4. we are segrigated 3 services from this servers.
     1. payroll - GCE
     2. Payroll - Predected
     3. Sheduler

Sheduler-CIUK: sheduler and payroll we have dedicated servers for them.
and rest of the microservers and standalone servies deployed in app server.

1. Mobile app : need deploy directly with Jira ID
2. customer portal V2 Frontend we have only deploy job means only job perform the both action
(build and deploy)
  We have this on UAT-IE and CI-UK
3. Middleware
4 Jaelin Frontend
   whenever we edit properties that time we need to deploy frontend -encryption - Additionally
    properties we need to change 5th option Json file.





